README.md, before:

GSONClassGenerator <a href="http://badge.fury.io/rb/gson-class-generator"><img src="https://badge.fury.io/rb/gson-class-generator@2x.png" alt="Gem Version" height="18"></a>
==================

Ruby script generating JSON model objects in Java when using GSON.

The classes can be used as is, or just generated for quickness instead of
manually typing them all out.

Installation
------------

The easiest way is using ruby gems:

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
gem install gson-class-generator
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Usage
-----

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
gson-class-generator [-gfscb] json_file class_name [output_directory]
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

### Arguments

**json_file** - The file you want to generate the model class from.

**class_name** - The top level class name, and therefore the name of the output
file.

**output_directory** - The location to save the generated model class. If this
is not provided the current directory will be used.

### Flags	

**g** - Generate getters.

**s** - Generate setters.

**f** - All fields are final, this will also generate a public no argument
constructor for all classes and the 's' flag is ignored.

**c** - A public constructor is generated for all the classes with all the
fields as arguments.

**b** - All primative types are boxed.

Commit message:

Added info about normalizing field names

README.md, after:

GSONClassGenerator <a href="http://badge.fury.io/rb/gson-class-generator"><img src="https://badge.fury.io/rb/gson-class-generator@2x.png" alt="Gem Version" height="18"></a>
==================

Ruby script generating JSON model objects in Java when using GSON.

The classes can be used as is, or just generated for quickness instead of
manually typing them all out.

The field names in the JSON are normalized, stripping out invalid characters and also converted to camel case to fit in with Java and produce cleaner code.

Installation
------------

The easiest way is using ruby gems:

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
gem install gson-class-generator
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Usage
-----

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
gson-class-generator [-gfscb] json_file class_name [output_directory]
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

### Arguments

**json_file** - The file you want to generate the model class from.

**class_name** - The top level class name, and therefore the name of the output
file.

**output_directory** - The location to save the generated model class. If this
is not provided the current directory will be used.

### Flags	

**g** - Generate getters.

**s** - Generate setters.

**f** - All fields are final, this will also generate a public no argument
constructor for all classes and the 's' flag is ignored.

**c** - A public constructor is generated for all the classes with all the
fields as arguments.

**b** - All primative types are boxed.
